In the first intermission, you recorded yourself.
At that point in the course,
we'd only discussed act one, which is who is the audience,
act two, which is the purpose of your speech,
and act three, creating the content.
Since that first intermission,
we've discussed act four, which is creating your slides,
act five, which deals with confidence,
and act six, which discusses delivery.
Okay, so please record yourself
with your smartphone or your tablet or your laptop
or your desktop or a video camera, et cetera,
and please present any presentation that you want to,
along with the slides that you have or will create.
Why are we doing this?
Because I want you to notice the dramatic improvement
in your presentation skills by the end of this course.
And so for this exercise, please present
based on the content that you have created
so far in your success journal,
or any speech you gave or will give.
Wait wait, whoa, whoa, whoa,
please don't skip the rest of this lecture.
Stay with me here, please, hear me out, okay?
If you can't video yourself with the slides,
then just say the slides as intermission number two slides,
okay, and if you've not completed all or any
of the exercises in your success journal,
then just give a presentation based on a real presentation
that you have given at some point in your life,
or better yet, present on this topic, you 2.0,
what your perfect life will be like in 2025
and making it happen, okay?
Now, after you finish recording this video
and making the slides to the best of your abilities,
then save it and put it aside please,
as we will analyze your slides
and your speech in the next lecture.
And don't worry if you're not that prepared, okay?
Just, I want you just to record it
and make it as long or as short as you want
with many or few slides, your call.
And I really want you to have fun with this as well, right,
'cause we get to create it, it's fun.
Okay, and after you record your presentation
and make the slides, then please come back to me,
right, for the next lecture.
Thanks.